Application:
	-------------
		1. Application is a collection of tabs. 
		2. Applications are classified into two types:
			a. Standard Applications 
			b. Custom Applications
		
		a. Standard Applications:
		- Applications created by the salesforce are called Standard Applications.
		- Standard Applications cannot be deleted.
		
		Examples: Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Marketing, Knowledge App......
		-Standard Applications can be customized.
		
		b. Custom Applications
		- Applications created by the User as per organization bussiness requirement are called Customized Applications.
		- Custom Applications can be customized or deleted as per the bussiness requirement.
		
		Steps to create Custom Application:
		Classic:
		---------
		Setup
		----> Build
			----> Create
				----> Apps
					----> New App
		
		After going to the New App follow the next steps:
		Step 1: Choose the Application type as Custom App.
		
		Step 2: Enter the App Details
				App Label : ICICI Loan APP (Spaces allowed)
				App Name : ICICI_Loan_App (API) (Spaces not allowed use underscore)
		Note: App Label : Application will be displayed to the users on UI with app label.
		Note: App Name : This is the actual Name of the application. Application will be referred
							 programatically using the app name.
							 
		Step 3: Choose the logo for the Application.
		We can choose on the externally available image in document object as logo.
		Note: Width and Height should be 300px & 50px.
		Note: Size should be more than 3KB and less than 20KB.
		
		Step 4: Choose the tabs and default landing tab.
		Note: This will specify list of tabs that should be displayed in the application.
		Note: Default Landing Tab:
						Tab whose data need to be displayed on the home page of the
						application is called default tab.
		
		Step 5: Choose the profile for whom the application should be visable.
		Visable: If we choose visable option, application will be visable to the profile.
		
		Visable and Default: If you choose visable and default option, All the users with 
							this profile, when they login for the first time this application
							will be opened.
	    
		Lightning :
		-----------
		Setup
		----> Platform Tools
			----> Apps
				----> App Manager
					----> New Lightning App
		
		Step 1: Enter App Details
				App Name: PayRoll Management ( Spaces Allowed)
				Developer Name: PayRoll_Management (Spaces not allowed, use _ )
				Description: Description about the application
		Note: App Name : This is the label name with which application will be displayed on UI.
			  Developer Name: This is the actual name of the application and developer will be 
								referring to this application using this.
		
		Step 2: Choose the navigation type as : Standard Navigation
		
		Step 3: Choose the Utility items that should be displayed on the utility bar.
				Example: chatter, call, etc.
		
		Step 4: Choose the list of tabs that should be displayed in the application.
		
		Step 5: Choose the profile, for whom the application should be visable.
		
		Edition           No. of Apps can be Created
		Unlimited         Unlimited Apps
		Enterprise        10 Apps
		Developer         10 Apps
		Professional       5 Apps
		
		Multitenant Architecture:
		------------------------
		Provides the flexibility to make the multiple customers can access the shared infrastructure.
		
		1. Shared Infrastructure: i.e, a single server instance can be utilized by the multiple customers
		2. Only one platform at a time.
		
		Document :
		----------
		1. Document is a standard object.
		2. This object contains files, pdf, images, etc.
		3. Documents are classified into two types:
			a. Internal Documents
			b. Externally available Images.
		4. Internal Document:
			a. These documents are shared only with internal users.
			b. Content of the file is not visible directly.
			c. We have to manully open the file to see the market.
		5. Externally Avaiable Images
		    a. Content of the file is visable to the users directly.
			b. This document is shared with internal users and externals users.
		6. Maximum size of the file that we can upload is 5MB.
		7. If you want to use externally available image as logo of an application size cannot be 
		more than 20KB.
		8. Steps to create a new Document Folder.
			Setup
			----> Tab Panel
				----> Click on '+' sign
					----> Choose Document Tab
						----> Click on Create New Folder
			
			Step 1: Enter the folder Name.
			Step 2: Specify the Access Level as Read or Read Write.
			Step 3: Choose the users for whom the access should be given.
			Step 4: Save.
		
		9. Steps to create a New Document
		Setup
		----> Tab Panel
			----> Click on '+' Sign
				----> Choose the document Tab
					----> Click on New Button
			
			Step 1: Enter Document Name
			
			Step 2: Choose the document Type as Internal or externally
			
			Step 3: Choose the folder in which documents should be stored.
			
			Step 4: Enter Keyboard (Using this keyword we can search for this document from Global Search)
			
			Step 5: Choose the file.
			
			Step 6: Save
			
			Note: Any document which is saved in My Personal Document folder cannot deployed from sandbox to production.
			Note: Any document which we want to deploy from sandbox to production should be stored in Customer
			Folder in the sandbox and then deploy to production.
			
		Company Information
		-------------------
		
		1. This will specify basic detail about the company like, Currency format, Language, TimeZone.. etc.
		
		2. Navigation :
		   Setup
		   ----> Administer
			    ----> Company Profile
					----> Company Information
					
			Step 1: Enter Company Name.
			
			Step 2: Choose the default user:
				He is the primary user or super admin with whom salesforce will contact.
			
			Step 3: Default Language and Locale Language:
				Every organization will have one default language, based on which UI will be displayed.
			
			Step 4: Currency Local:
				a. This will specify the format in which currency of your company should be represented.
				b. This is also called corporate currency.
			
			Step 5: Multiple - Curreny:
				a. If your company want to support multiple currency we can enable this option.
				b. Once the option is enabled we cannot disable it.
				c. Salesforce will provide one table where we are suppose to enter the conversion rates.
			
			Step 6: Default Time Zone:
				a. This will specify the time-zone of your company.
			
			Step 7: Organization Id:
				a. Salesforce will provide 18 characters unique Id for every organization.
				b. Based on this id salesforce will recognize the instance of your force.com
				c. ID will start with OOD
				d. Same Id will be displayed as 15 characters (It is case sensitive)
			
			Step 8: Edition:
				a. This will display the edition of your production.
			
			Step 9: Server:
				a. It will display instance of server what you are using.
			
			Step 10: This will specify the information about the used data space and file space.
			
			
		1.Product:
			a. This object will store information about all the products and services your company is selling.
				Car             
				Warranty             
				Extended warranty
				Installation      
				
		2. PriceBook:	
			a. It is a collection of products and their prices.
				Car             800000 MH   850000 UP
				Warranty             0
				Extended warranty 5000
				Installation  
				
		3. Campaign:
			a. This will store information about any event that is planned or conducted to promote the products
			of the company or brand of the company.
			
		4. Lead
			a. Lead is a person or organization who is showing interest on your products.
		
		Lead -> Account, Contact, Oppourtunity.
		
		5. Account:
			a. Account is a name of a organization or a Person with whom we are doing business.
			
		6. Contact:
			a. Person who has influence on the account is called contact.
			People who work at Account.
			
		7. Oppourtunity:
			a. Any event that can generate the revenue to the company is called oppourtunity.
			
		8. Quote:
			a. This will specify the price for which the product can be sold.
			
		9. Order
		10. Contract
		11. User
		12. Profile
		13. UserRole
		14. Case
		15. Solution
		
		