Product:
--------
1. Any service or item, your company is selling is called product.
2. Information about all the products are stored in Product object.
3. Internally we have standard object Product2

Pricebook:
----------
1. It is list of products with their corresponding prices.
2. There are two types of Pricebooks:
	a. Standard Pricebook
	b. Custom Pricebook
3. Standard Pricebook:
	a. It is a list of all the products with corresponding standard prices.
4. Custom Pricebook:
	a. There are the pricebooks created by user as per business requirement.
	b. Steps to create custom Pricebook
	   Tabpanel
	   ----> Click on '+' sign
			----> Pricebooks
				----> New Pricebook
5. PricebookEntry:
	a. It is a juntion object between pricebook and product.

6. Campaign:
------------
	a. Any event that you do to promote the products of your company is called campaign.
	b. Technical Terms
		a. Mode of Campaign
		b. Targeted Segment
		c. Targeted Segment data source.
		d. Budget
	c. Campaign Hierarchy:
		a. This will specify the relation between the campaigns.
	d. Campaign Influence: This will specify
		a. No. of leads/contacts recieved due to this campaign.
		b. No. of opportunites/Amount recieved due to this campaining.
	e. Campaign Members:
		Leads and contacts recieved due to the influence of this campaign is called campaign members.

7. Lead:
--------
	a. Any person or organization who is showing interest on your product is called lead.
	b. Technical terms we had
		a. Web-to-Lead
		b. Lead Assignment Rules
		c. Lead AutoResponse Rules
		d. Lead Process
		e. Lead Conversion
	c. Web-to-Lead:
		Setup:
		----> Build
			----> Customize
				----> Leads
					----> Web-to-Lead
		
		Step 1: Enable web-to-Lead
		Step 2: Choose the default created by user.
		Step 3: Save
		Step 4: Generate the web form
		Step 5: Select the fields
		Step 6: Give callback url
		Step 7: Save
		Step 8: Copy the HTML code generated and save as .html file.
	
	d. Lead Assignment Rule:
		a. This will specify who should be the owner of the record based on your business requirement.
	e. Lead AutoResponse Rule:
		a. This will specify which email template should be sent to the customer when lead is created from website.
	f. Lead Process:
		a. This will specify the life cycle that lead will under go.
		b. Using Lead process we will control the options in status picklist field.
	g. Lead Conversion:
		a. When we click on convert button on the lead, lead will be converted into account, customer, Opportunity.
		b. If you don't want the lead to be converted into opportunity, we can enable it check box donot create opportunity.

8. Accounts:
-------------
	a. Any person or organization with whom you are doing a business is called Account.
	b. There are two types of accounts:
		a. Personal
		b. Organization
	c. By default salesforce will provide organization accounts.
	d. If you want to personal account, we need to raise a case with salesforce team.


Approval: Learn from the TrialMixes.
--------



		